I have a booth sole proprietor and city
guitars and I'm sitting here on the
newly built stage in our Christian we're
going to be doing live performances here
over the course of the next month and on
beyond that so it's still kind of under
construction but I playing this 63
Gibson hummingbird I absolutely love
this guitar big fan of vintage gives a
flat top I don't settle myself
this guitar is just a great player and
great to own I feel it resonate my whole
body that would have dried out in such a
way that it's just it's full at all and
when I went down that low E on the E
minor chord I just feel that the bass
lumina it's just a wonderful instrument
it's had that real comic Ridge
conversion was most players do in the
early 60s they did the adjustable saddle
which didn't last long it's it's not a
little stable way to to build a bridge
in the first place sorry Gibson so a lot
of guys do this it's just a much more
tone oriented way to do it and they did
a lovely job it's really nice
other than that this thing's a hundred
percent stock and it great shape as it's
a nice player that's the original case
and the summerses just faded just new to
a beautiful lighter tone the neck
profile is that it's not that big fat
fifties profile but it's a fairly wide
neck and just just a comfortable neck to
play this is one of the many beautiful
vintage Gibson's and marks we have in
the shop at this time and so you need to
come out and check this baby out